---
title: Beeramid
layout: default
parent: B
nav_order:
---

# Beeramid

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

A-D

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Beeramid

Created by  Zachary Arthur, last modified on Sep 18, 2008

/birmd/ NN- Drinking game similar to beer pong. &quot;Who wants to play some beeramid?&quot; Two teams play with ten cups each. The first six are set up in the same triangular shape as in beer pong, the next three are balanced in a second tier of cups while the last cup is placed in a third tier balanced on top of the previous two tiers. A ping pong ball is tossed at the cups as in beer pong and the object of the game is to sink all of the cups. If a ball hits a cup on either the second or third tier and falls into any cups below it, all those cups must be consumed. F 02 (said to be as early as F 94 at Geneseo, but no evidence given). Earlier elsewhere: &quot;The guys with the most impressive room, a real showplace with a first-floor window on the courtyard, had hit upon the brilliant design theme of building a '''beeramid''' of drained Bud cans on the mantel that cleverly picked up the patriotic colors of the Interstate 95 sign on the wall. Genius.&quot; Samantha Bennett: &quot;It's not Martha Stewart Decor, but it will do&quot; (on early 90's college experience); 17 Feb 1999 ''Pittsburgh Post-Gazette'' Metro S5. 

This entry was originally created by M. Gigante, 2006.

Comments:

Based on survey results, 0% of participants could define the word; indicating that the word is obsolete (M Gillanders, A-F, 2019).

Posted by meg23 at Apr 15, 2019 12:31

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
