---
title: Biff
layout: default
parent: B
nav_order:
---

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Biff

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

A-D

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Biff

Created by  Zachary Arthur, last modified by  Unknown User (tjc13) on Nov 24, 2008

VB: To make a mistake; &quot;I accidentally mentioned the surprise party. I really biffed.&quot; F92 VB-Obs. S99

verb 2: to fall down, particularly when one is not paying attention.  &quot;I was walking past MJ talking on my phone when I biffed it on some ice.&quot;  New term Fall 2008.

noun- derived from 'bff', literally defined as best friend.  New use Fall 2008.

This entry was originally created by M. Gigante and D. McGiveron, 2006.

Comments:

I have never heard the old usage, but the new usage is fairly common. I've also heard the form &quot;biffers.&quot; 

Posted by era6 at Dec 01, 2008 23:24

The Fall 2008 definition listed here (best friend) is the one in use, although it was admitted that very few people continue to use it in Geneseo. It's just one of those words that you hear and understand while going through high school. (Cecchini, A-F, 2012)

Posted by jmc62 at Nov 20, 2012 14:01

Based on survey results, 40% of participants were familiar with the word, while 60% of participants had no idea what the word meant. These results indicated that the word is not obsolete, but it is not used very much at this point in time (M Gillanders, A-F, 2019).

Posted by meg23 at Apr 15, 2019 13:04

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
