---
title: Bodacious
layout: default
parent: B
nav_order:
---

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Bodacious

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

A-D

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Bodacious

Created by  Zachary Arthur, last modified on Sep 23, 2008

AJ: Blend of &quot;bold&quot; and &quot;audacious&quot; (RH 1835-1845). Great; &quot;Bodacious haircut--where did you get it?&quot; F92 AJ-falling out of use. Only 29% of the students surveyed identified this term. S99 AJ: Only 50% of sudents have identified with this term. F06 

This entry was originally created by D. McGiveron, 2006.

Comments:

It seems that this term is almost completely obsolete, and used, if at all, in a register which seeks to mimic a surfer register or Southern California style.  It might also be used in a &quot;retro&quot; context.  

Posted by krk5 at Dec 02, 2008 11:43

Half of our survey responses (Fall 2012) indicated familiarity with &quot;bodacious.&quot; When asked to define bodacious, responses were split between the definition from Fall '06, and a definition used to refer exclusively to the curvature of a female body. No one thought that &quot;bodacious&quot; has an exclusive Geneseo usage.This definition should be updated.

Posted by mcc14 at Nov 20, 2012 18:55

67% of the people surveyed defined this word in its exclusive use to describe the curvature of a female body, as defined in 2012. Any other previous definitions were not mentioned by the surveyed people, which indicates this word has lost some of its original meaning. (Serbalik, A-F, 2019)

Posted by jys1 at Apr 13, 2019 16:41

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
