---
title: Bumblefuck
layout: default
parent: B
nav_order:
---

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Bumblefuck

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

A-D

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Bumblefuck

Created by  Unknown User (tjc13), last modified on Nov 24, 2008

NN: Middle of nowhere; &quot;All the spaces in Lot H were taken so I'm out in bumblefuck.&quot; Also ''East Bumblefuck''. F92 ''Buttscratch'' said to be the new alternative. F94 Bumblefuck: 57% of those surveyed idendified term as the middle of nowhere. NN: 50% of students surveyed identified this term to mean the middle of nowhere

Fall 2008-  70% of students were successfully able to identify this term.

This post originally created by K Tousey and D Mc

Comments:

I have never heard of &quot;buttscratch&quot;as an alternate or new usage. I haven't noticed bumblefuck falling out of usage at all.

Posted by era6 at Dec 01, 2008 23:48

If put in the context of the year 2012, era6 seems to be mistaken reguarding her statement hinting that bumblefuck is not falling out of usage.According to the surveys that have been completed thus far in my group, only 41% of surveyors are now familiar with the term. 57% of the students who are familiar with the term use the original definition from (I believe) 2008. 0% of surveyors use &quot;buttscratch&quot; as an alternate or new usage, as era6 already states in her comment- that has not changed since her 2008 comment on the term.(Birkby, A-F, 2012) 

Posted by ccb7 at Nov 14, 2012 21:39

J. Bloom, A-F, 2019: 90% of participants were able to completely identify this word in this use. 10% have heard of this word however could not identify it. This word has become more relevant. 

Posted by jmb63 at Apr 15, 2019 00:07

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
