---
title: Burnt
layout: default
parent: B
nav_order:
---

# Burnt

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

A-D

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Burnt

Created by  Unknown User (tjc13), last modified on Nov 24, 2008

AJ: Tired. Often characterized by a dazed look, either because of excessive study; &quot;I had four papers and two midterms this week. I am so burnt.&quot; S94. Or because of abuse of drugs and/or alcohol; &quot;Jay's been to one too many parties in his time, he's so burnt.&quot; S94. Word is said to have usage as early as S92. Perhaps clipped from ''burnt out''. burnt: 38% of those identified term as refering to a constant user of Marijuana. KTousey 30% of students survyed familiar with this term. Obs.

Fall 2008- 60% of those surveyed were successfully able to identify this term.

This entry originally created by K Tousey, and D. McGiverson

Comments:

74% identified this according to the definition, with the remainder defining it in its literal sense. 100% total identification, 60% relating to feeling after ingesting Marijuana. (A-J 2012)

Posted by kja5 at Nov 20, 2012 10:42

J. Bloom, A-F, 2019: This term was identified by 80% of participants in the correct use. This term is relevant. 

Posted by jmb63 at Apr 15, 2019 00:17

If this word were spelled/pronounced as &quot;burned&quot;, would it have a different meaning–such as &quot;betrayed&quot; or &quot;stood up&quot; or &quot;disappointed?&quot;

Posted by drake at May 04, 2019 13:42

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
