---
title: Asexual
layout: default
parent: A
nav_order:
---

# Asexual

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

A-D

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Asexual

Created by  Unknown User (tjc13), last modified on Nov 24, 2008

Noun- an individual whom does not have sex, not out of personal choice or preference, but instead due to the individual being lazy, unmotivated, shy or unlucky.  In this case it is not used in reference to sexuality.  &quot;Mike is unlucky with the ladies, he is such an asexual.&quot;  New term Fall 2008.

This entry originally created by T Cardot, 2008.

Comments:

Slightly less than half of the people surveyed in the Fall of 2012 expressed familiarity with this word and defined it in terms consistent with the 2008 definition. Slightly less than half of the people surveyed provided the biological definition of &quot;asexual.&quot; No one thought that this word had a unique Geneseo usage. 

Posted by mcc14 at Nov 20, 2012 18:42

(M.Cordella, A-F, 2012)

Posted by mcc14 at Nov 20, 2012 20:09

100% of the people that were surveyed by my group knew what this word means, thus it is still relevant (Nicchi, A-F, 2019). 

Posted by hjn1 at Apr 10, 2019 20:33

There's a pejorative underside to this use of &quot;asexual,&quot; since in current, standard sexological terminology, &quot;asexual&quot; is an actual sexual identity (as opposed to being unlucky or feckless in romantic/sexual pursuits). 

Posted by drake at May 04, 2019 12:54

Based on survey results, 0% of participants associate this term with the 2012 definition. A new definition for this term is &quot;an individual that does not experience sexual attraction, or an umbrella term for those who identify with the ace spectrum, &quot;. The 2012 definition is obsolete (S French, A-F, 2022).

Posted by sgf5 at May 07, 2022 19:50

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
