---
title: Asshole Chant
layout: default
parent: A
nav_order:
---

# Asshole Chant

Created by  Zachary Arthur, last modified by  Unknown User (kec3) on Nov 29, 2010

NN: A chant consisting of the word &quot;asshole&quot; directed at someone who has done something dumb or embarassing; &quot;Look that kid dropped his tray, let's start an asshole chant!&quot;

86% of people surveyed knew this term.

KChapman 2010:  Was not able to find anyone at Geneseo who knew what this was, nor did anybody I interviewed recognize the chant when performed.

This entry was originally created by Z. Arthur, 2008.

Comments:

1/4 of the people we surveyed (Fall 2012) were familiar with this phrase, and defined it in terms consistent with the 2008 definition. This is an increase in usage from 2010, when KChapman reported that no one was able to recognize the &quot;asshole chant.&quot; Based on the information available to me, it seems like the asshole chant has undergone a revival in the past two years. (M.Cordella, A-F 2012) 

Posted by mcc14 at Nov 20, 2012 19:14

Very interesting revival of this term. While I've never heard of this as being referred to specifically as an &quot;Asshole Chant&quot; I have, however, heard the asshole chant in effect. How did you conduct your surveys? Out of curiousity, did you ask if students knew what this was or if they hear this word used around campus? (B. Joyce, 2012)

Posted by baj2 at Nov 27, 2012 19:34

Bridget, if you navigate your browser to this page (Report of Fall 2012 Group A-F) you will find our final project report where you can read, in complete detail, our survey method. 

Posted by jmb53 at Dec 06, 2012 18:07

12.5% knew what this term meant, 62.5% had heard of it but were not completely sure what it meant, and 25% did not know it at all, thus indicating that the term's usage in Geneseo is becoming obsolete (Nicchi, A-F, 2019). 

Posted by hjn1 at Apr 11, 2019 10:15

7.2% had heard this word used before and didn't know what it meant. 92.8% of students have never heard of this before, indicating that this word is obsolete (Hastings, A-F, 2023)

Posted by jlh102 at May 04, 2023 16:11

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37


