---
title: Awkward Turtle
layout: default
parent: A
nav_order:
---

# Awkward Turtle

Created by  Zachary Arthur, last modified by  Unknown User (jmb53) on Nov 20, 2012

NN a hand symbol made during awkward situations; &quot;Well this is awkward (makes awkward turtle)&quot; 86% of people surveyed knew this term.KChapman, 2010:  This term is definitely still in use at Geneseo.  The urban dictionary notes that the hand symbol is actually the American Sign Language sign for &quot;platypus.&quot; J.Boselli, 2012: 93% of those surveyed felt the term had become obsolete, save for ironic usages. 

This entry was originally created by Z. Arthur, 2008

Comments:

100% of those surveyed were familiar with and could identify the term in its current sense. Surprisingly, 93% felt it was Geneseo-specific. 2012

Posted by jmb53 at Nov 20, 2012 15:37

I would agree with those who felt it was Geneseo specific. I have never heard it outside of Geneseo. And anytime I have used this in another place the people I have been with did not know what I was referring to. 

Posted by cmf9 at Dec 04, 2012 10:19

John, could you clarify your two entries above? They appear to contradict each other.

Posted by drake at Dec 16, 2012 21:18

Dr. Drake, I apologize for the mix-up. 100% of Geneseo students could identify the term, while 93% of them felt it was a) Geneseo-specific and b) outside of the rare ironic context, the term was obsolete. &quot;Awkward Turtle&quot; has become more of a cultural reference than a term used in daily conversation.

Posted by jmb53 at Dec 16, 2012 21:55

57.2% of those surveyed knew this term, while 14.3% knew it but were not completely sure what it meant, and 28.5% did not know it at all. These results indicate that the word is still in use at Geneseo, but maybe not as much as it once was (Nicchi, A-F, 2019). 

Posted by hjn1 at Apr 11, 2019 10:23

32% knew this term, 6% knew but could not define, 62% did not know this term. (Rumore, A-F, 2022)

Posted by mr46 at May 07, 2022 19:51

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
