---
title: Phi Kap
layout: default
parent: P
nav_order:
---

# Phi Kap

Created by  Unknown User (ram19) on Nov 20, 2012

(n.) Someone who is a member of the Phi Kappa Chi fraternity, or in reference to the whole fraternity.Ex. The Phi Kaps are having a party tonight.Ex. He’s done pledging, and now he’s a Phi Kap.As of 2012, this word received an average of 3.31 out of 5, 1 being an unknown word, and 5 being a word heard and used frequently.(Miller, N-R, 2012)

Comments:

Considering the size of Greek life at Geneseo, I'm surprised that only a little over half of those surveyed were familiar with this abbreviation. Were any alternate definitions offered by those who were unfamiliar with it?

Posted by mee2 at Nov 26, 2012 16:02

Yeah, I thought it was kind of curious too. But, remember that, on our scale, a 5 means a word you use as well as hear. I know that at least for people I surveyed, none of them that I know of are in Greek life, so they may not say it. Also, I suspect that some people wrote a lower score because, although they know of the word, the may not know the exact fraternity it was.

Posted by ram19 at Nov 27, 2012 18:45

I found this interesting too. Although, considering the broad demographic we surveyed, which included many students who do not participate in Greek life, a 3.31 is still fairly high. This score on our scale means that the word is heard around campus quite frequently. (B. Joyce, 2012)

Posted by baj2 at Nov 27, 2012 19:27

As of 2022, Phi Kap is still in use among Geneseo students, averaging a score of 3.5 out of 5, with 1 representing a word unknown to Geneseo students and 5 representing a word used daily among students. (Schlau, N-R, 2022)

Posted by js92 at May 07, 2022 17:08

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
