---
title: Poke
layout: default
parent: P
nav_order:
---

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Poke

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

M-P

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Poke

Created by  Unknown User (era6), last modified on Sep 22, 2008

Poke

(v.) 1. Wrong, misjudge, with synonym ''James K'' (after former President James K. Polk); &quot;I got poked on that play&quot;; F92; obs. F94. 2. Have sex; &quot;I got drunk and poked some girl I met at the party last night.&quot; F94. Source: Dictionary of Geneseo English 1996. A similar definition appears at http://www.urbandictionary.com/ ; entry probably not specific to Geneseo. Adams.

Comments:

As of 2012, the definition of this word has changed drastically. &quot;Poke&quot; is a verb for when one &quot;pokes&quot; someone else on facebook, or a noun, as the name for the &quot;poke&quot; message you received from that person.Ex. (v.) He poked me on facebook last night, does that mean he wants to talk?Ex. (n.) I got like 5 pokes from him last night, and it turned into a poke-war. This word, with the new definitions, received a 3.1 out of 5 on student surveys, a 1 being an unknown word and a 5 being a word frequently used and heard. Also, the word is probably not Geneseo specific, because facebook is so popular.(Miller, N-R, 2012)

Posted by ram19 at Nov 20, 2012 16:13

As of 2019, the term &quot;poke&quot; referring to the action option on Facebook has become obsolete. (McGowan, N-R, 2019)

Posted by ukm1 at Apr 07, 2019 16:16

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
