---
title: Card
layout: default
parent: C
nav_order:
---

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Card

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

A-D

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Card

Created by  Zachary Arthur, last modified on Nov 24, 2008

Noun: The Geneseo ID card used for getting into builings and purchasing food; &quot;Crap I forgot my card will you pay for me?&quot;

100% of people surveyed knew this term.

This entry was originally created by Z. Arthur, 2008.

Comments:

When I saw this I thought it was the verb, &quot;to card&quot; as in, to have your ID checked when purchasing alcohol or entering a bar. Maybe that usage should be added, as it is particularly common in a college atmosphere, and the local Walmart/Wegmans policy of carding all members of a party when one member is purchasing alcohol is a common problem.

Posted by era6 at Dec 02, 2008 00:16

Those surveyed identified this in a variety of ways, &quot;to be carded,&quot; &quot;Geneseo ID Card,&quot; &quot;A deck of playing cards,&quot; etc. While all knew this word, there was not one cohesive definition or agreement. K. Andryshak, 2012

Posted by kla8 at Nov 20, 2012 12:50

J. Bloom, A-F, 2019: This term had varied results. Majority of participants identified the term with a different definition, however 100% of participants were able to admit to using the term in this connotation. Therefore, it is still relevant. 

Posted by jmb63 at Apr 15, 2019 01:01

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
