---
title: Carrot Run
layout: default
parent: C
nav_order:
---

# Carrot Run

Created by  Unknown User (jmb53) on Nov 19, 2012

n.  Pronunciation: Amer. / kærət-,keɪrət-rən 1. Apocryphal hazing ritual performed by the Geneseo Alpha Clionian Sorority (represented by the Greek letters Phi Kappa Pi) in which pledges are told to insert a carrot into their sexual organs and sprint to the top of a hill. It is said that the final participant to to complete the event must eat the soiled carrot(s) of every/one other girl. Typically used as a precaution against joining Greek life. “No one knows which hill the Clios use for the Carrot Run.”J. Boselli, 2012

Comments:

90% identified this term correctly, indicating that it is a well known legend of Geneseo college life. Of those who identified it, all claimed it to be specific to Geneseo.

Posted by kja5 at Nov 20, 2012 10:44

J. Bloom, A-F, 2019: 100% of students surveyed were able to correctly identify this word. It is still very relevant and a part of Geneseo legend. 

Posted by jmb63 at Apr 15, 2019 01:14

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Current students of the Geneseo institution. Male and female students who are currently enrolled.

Comments: 

69.9% of the students have heard of this word and could define this word, 13% have heard of this word but could not define it, and 17.4% of students have not heard of this word and could not define it, thus, it is still relevant.

 Posted by mly 5 on May 2, 2025, 1:19 pm.


