---
title: CAS-h
layout: default
parent: C
nav_order:
---

# CAS-h

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

A-D

Bibliographies and Study Guides : CAS-h

Created by  Unknown User (tjc13), last modified on Oct 05, 2008

CAS-h: refers to the cash account on student mean plans. S99 KTousey Obs. F06. Only 10% of student familiar with this term

This entry originally created by K Tousey, 2006.

Comments:

According to the surveys that have been completed thus far in my group, about 11.8% of surveyors are familiar with this term, similar to the amount of students familiar with the term in 2006. 50% of those familiar with the term use the original 2006 definition. 50% of those who are familiar with the term use the term as Geneseo students, and feel it is specific to Geneseo life; however, it is important to keep in mind that out of the entire surveyed population, only 11.8% of students were actually familiar with this term.(Birkby, A-F, 2012) 

Posted by ccb7 at Nov 14, 2012 21:49

I think this term may actually be more commonly referred to as &quot;Campus CASh&quot; (probably mostly used by CAS cashiers when ringing up a student's purchase) rather than simply just &quot;CAS-h&quot;, which might explain the low percentage of students who recognized the term. (Montelli, N-R, 2012.)

Posted by cam37 at Nov 21, 2012 16:37

J. Bloom, A-F, 2019: This term is not in use and is obsolete.

Posted by jmb63 at Apr 15, 2019 01:18

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
