---
title: Chalk
layout: default
parent: C
nav_order:
---

# Chalk

Created by  Unknown User (tjc13), last modified by  Unknown User (kla8) on Nov 20, 2012

(New word) Chalk (VB): a form of communication in low-budget activism where individuals write facts or other messages on sidewalks and chalkboards around campus to reach a large amount of people in a small area. Definition of approximately 28% of those surveyed. (F06) Chalk (VB): to alter a driver's license so it says the owner is 21 years of age. Definition of approximately 28% of those surveyed. (F06) Chalk (NN): used by teachers to write on blackboards. Definition of approximately 14% of those surveyed. (F06) Unknown by approximately 21% of those surveyed.Completely Obsolete, K. Andryshak, 2012

This entry originally created by K Simmington, 2006.

Comments:

Based on survey results, 0% recognized &quot;chalk&quot; as to mean &quot; a form of communication in low-budget activism where individuals write facts or other messages on sidewalks and chalkboards around campus to reach a large amount of people in a small area&quot; or &quot;to alter a driver's license so it says the owner is 21 years of age.&quot; These results indicate that these definitions are now obsolete.  However, 100% of participants could define the word as being a utensil &quot;used by teachers to write on blackboards.&quot;  This definition is still widely recognized and used by the Geneseo community and is not obsolete (J Costello, A-F, 2019).

Posted by jbc9 at Apr 07, 2019 19:42

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
