---
title: Checking out
layout: default
parent: C
nav_order:
---

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Checking out

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

A-D

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Checking out

Created by  Unknown User (tjc13), last modified on Oct 05, 2008

(New word) Checking out (VB): observing the features of a person one finds attractive by sizing them up and down. Definition of approximately 68% of those surveyed. (F06) Checking out (VB): leaving a place. Definition of approximately 12% of those surveyed. (F06) Checking out (VB): what is done when a person is finished getting his or her groceries. Definition of approximately 4% of those surveyed. (F06) Checking out (VB): spacing out. Definition of approximately 4% of those surveyed. (F06) Unknown by approximately 4% of those surveyed.

This entry originally created by K Simmington, 2006.

Comments:

Based on survey results, 60% of participants could define the phrase as observing people as attractive, leaving a place, or paying for groceries.  These phrases are not obsolete and are moderately recognized by the Geneseo community However, none of the participants defined &quot;checking out&quot; as to mean &quot;spacing out.&quot;  This particular definition is now deemed obsolete for the Geneseo community.  As for the remaining 40%, 20% had heard of the phrase &quot;checking out&quot;, but could not define, and 20% did not recognize it at all.  (J Costello, A-F, 2019).

Posted by jbc9 at Apr 07, 2019 20:21

There were multiple definitions given by the same participants for this word.  78% thought this meant checking out someone's features, 32% defined this as leaving a location, 62% defined this as as when a person is done getting groceries, 72% defined this as spacing out in a class, 10% thought this meant when someone dies they &quot;check out&quot;,  2% of those surveyed were unfamiliar with this. (Rumore, A-F, 2022)

Posted by mr46 at May 07, 2022 20:04

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
