---
title: Chill
layout: default
parent: C
nav_order:
---

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Chill

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

A-D

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Chill

Created by  Unknown User (tjc13), last modified on Oct 05, 2008

VB: Clip of ''chill out'' meaning to Relax; &quot;I'm just going to sit here and chill.&quot; F92 chill: (VB) - to relax (ADJ) - something that is good, ex. &quot;that's chill&quot; Source: Dictionary of Geneseo English, Fall 1998 Simmington Chill (VB): to calm down or relax by doing mindless activities with or without friends or other people. Definition of 92% of those surveyed. (F06) Chill (ADJ): down-to-earth, cool, relaxed. Definition of approximately 8% of those surveyed. (F06) Chill (VB): to let food settle from the high temperature it was just cooking at or to make cold. Secondary definition of approximately 14% of those surveyed. (F06) Simmington, D. McGiveron Because we did not list a part of speech on the paper survey, we got many different definitions for this word

This entry originally created by K Simmington, 2006.

Comments:

Based on survey results, 100% of participants could define &quot;chill out&quot; to mean all these definitions; indicating that the word is not obsolete (J Costello, A-F, 2019).

Posted by jbc9 at Apr 07, 2019 20:45

I've heard students use &quot;chill&quot; as an adjective–did this come up at all in research?

Posted by drake at May 04, 2019 23:27

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
