---
title: Chow Hound
layout: default
parent: C
nav_order:
---

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Chow Hound

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

A-D

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Chow Hound

Created by  Unknown User (jmb53) on Nov 19, 2012

n.Pronunciation: Amer. / tʃæʊ-hæʊnd 1. The food truck circulating around the North side of campus, introduced after the close of Letchworth Dining Hall. Specializes in hamburgers and grilled cheeses. “The Chow Hound is stationed outside of Putnam.”J. Boselli, 2012

Comments:

All participants were able to correctly identify this term. The familiarity may be due to the fact that this is the first year the Chow Hound has operated on campus. The next class to survey students should track usage and knowledge after a few years of use. K. Andryshak, 2012. 

Posted by kla8 at Nov 20, 2012 15:27

Based on survey results, 100% of participants could define &quot;chow hound&quot;; indicating that it is widely recognized by the Geneseo community (J Costello, A-F, 2019).

Posted by jbc9 at Apr 07, 2019 20:57

32.7% of those surveyed were familiar with this term. The decrease in familiarity with the word is likely due to the Chow Hound currently being out of use. In fact, 10% of those surveyed made comments about the food truck being out of use, such as &quot;the food truck that doesn't circle campus : (&quot; (Smith, A-F, 2022).

Posted by cbs6 at May 07, 2022 19:57

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
