---
title: Creep
layout: default
parent: C
nav_order:
---

# Creep

Created by  Unknown User (bli2), last modified on Sep 21, 2008

VB The act of following around a member of the opposite sex that you find attractive. &quot;That guy is hot, I am going to creep on him.&quot; -- overheard at the I.B. S01 RH-- VB to sneak up behind someone or without someone's knowledge W3-- VB the closest definition I could find here: to go, or enter stealthily or secretly HDAS- VB The escape stealthily, to abscond. First used in 1942. Source: Geneseo Dictionary of English, Spring 2001. -Mitchinson

Comments:

I tend to use &quot;creep&quot; as a noun in reference to a legitimately sketchy, unsavory character, in contrast to &quot;creeper&quot; which, to me, is considerably lighter and less insulting. For example, a creep is a guy who manipulates women, while a creeper is one who, perhaps, starts awkward conversations with you about your most recent Facebook status update. 

Posted by era6 at Dec 02, 2008 00:28

Is this term exclusive to heterosexual relations? Why does the definition specify &quot;opposite sex?&quot;

Posted by drake at May 09, 2015 19:33

This term is not exclusive to Heterosexual relations. In fact, no one that was surveyed identified the word in this way. All of those surveyed identified this term to mean &quot;someone acting in a way that was strange, weird, or off-putting or in a manner that made them uncomfortable. There is some sexual connotation to this, as in &quot;someone being pervy&quot;, however that is not the sole interpretation. This term may also be used jokingly amongst friend groups. Ex. &quot;I just stalked this guy's Facebook profile.&quot; &quot;You're such a creep.&quot; 100% of those identified this word, but with a different definition. This word is not Geneseo specific. (Ali, A-F, 2019)

Posted by hea4 at Apr 13, 2019 20:27

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
