---
title: East Bumblefuck
layout: default
parent: E
nav_order:
---

# East Bumblefuck

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

E-H

Bibliographies and Study Guides : East Bumblefuck

Created by  Unknown User (jfw3), last modified on Sep 09, 2008

noun 1. Middle of nowhere; &quot;All the spaces in Lot H were taken, so I am out in East Bumblefuck.&quot; Also: Bumblefuck

Source: Dictionary of Geneseo English, Spring 1999 - Kocher

Comments:

While I think that this word is probably more common in the teen and twenties age range, I do not think that it qualifies as strictly Geneseo lingo, since I've been saying that I live in East Bumblefuck since I moved there (age 4) and was old enough to say &quot;fuck&quot;...probably middleschool age. 

Posted by jfw3 at Nov 29, 2008 23:34

I would agree.  The direction can also vary.  I have seen West Bumblefuck as well.  The medial -ble- might also be absent, as in East/West Bumfuck.  The last is seen in a few of Tom Clancy's books, as I recall.  It is also possible that the terms are used pejoratively of rural areas in general quite frequently.

Posted by krk5 at Dec 02, 2008 11:39

I agree that this term is not Geneseo specific, but I have used a variation of &quot;East Bumblefuck&quot; (outside of Geneseo) that is not noted here; &quot;East Bumfuck&quot;. (LRumfola, S-Z 2012) 

Posted by lr11 at Nov 20, 2012 16:54

Based on survey results, 25% of participants could define the word and 75% of participants stated that they had no idea what the word meant; indicating that the word is not obsolete, but it is not used very much anymore (M Gillanders, A-F, 2019).

Posted by meg23 at Apr 23, 2019 21:36

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
