---
title: Ella Cline Shear School of Education
layout: default
parent: E
nav_order:
---

# Ella Cline Shear School of Education

Created by  Unknown User (met6), last modified by  Mia Gennaro on May 04, 2023

(noun) Department within SUNY Geneseo dedicated to the education of students pursuing early childhood, childhood, and adolescent certifications.MMarcantonio 2006(noun) - 1. School of Education specifically in SUNY Geneseo that prepares future teachers for the realities of school and education, Ex. &quot;I just applied to the Ella Cline Shear School of Education where I have to maintain a 2.75 GPA to stay in the program.&quot; (Gennaro, A-F, 2023)

Comments:

This isn't really Geneseo Lingo. It's the name of a department. If it were abbreviated then I would think that that would be slang, but this is a proper noun and even if you aren't from Geneseo you can understand what it is.

Posted by jfw3 at Nov 29, 2008 23:39

Though 100% of those surveyed could identify the term, most were confused as to the term's inclusion, as it is not an example of Geneseo vernacular, despite being highly Geneseo-specific. 2012

Posted by jmb53 at Nov 20, 2012 17:08

Based on survey results, 100% of participants could define the term; indicating that the term is not obsolete (M Gillanders, A-F, 2019).

Posted by meg23 at Apr 23, 2019 21:38

According to the survey, 27% of participants are familiar with this term, therefore the word is not obsolete. This term is used mostly in the vocabulary of education majors, therefore it is understandable that other people are unaware of its existence (Gennaro, A-F, 2023). 

Posted by mcg16 at May 04, 2023 16:17

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
