---
title: Embiggen
layout: default
parent: E
nav_order:
---

# embiggen

Created by  Unknown User (met6), last modified by  Unknown User (jmb53) on Nov 20, 2012

Verb To enlarge or expand, Fall 2000. Usually employed to create a contrast with academia. &quot;My professor expects me to embiggen my paper because it's only three pages.&quot; Bound morpheme prefix &quot;em-&quot; (in) plus &quot;big&quot; plus derivational morpheme &quot;-en&quot; (verb maker).Source: Dictionary of Geneseo English, Spring 2001 - Kocher 2006J.Boselli, 2012: Growing obsolete. Only 13% could identify the term.

Comments:

This word was actually coined by a writer on &quot;The Simpsons.&quot; Apparently the fictional Springfield town motto is &quot;A noble spirit embiggens the smallest man.&quot; Perhaps less popular is another word from the same episode: &quot;cromulent&quot; meaning valid or acceptable (based on context, at least.) I didn't realize that embiggen was so common. Ah, the power of pop culture!

Posted by era6 at Dec 02, 2008 00:38

Based on survey results, 0% of participants could define the word; indicating that the word is obsolete (M Gillanders, A-F, 2019).

Posted by meg23 at Apr 23, 2019 21:39

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Created by Jamie Greene (jmg52) on April 29

Current students of Geneseo institution. Males and females who are currently enrolled.

Comments:
Of the students surveyed 93.3% said they had not heard of this word and only 6.7% had heard of it and did not know the definition. Thus this term is not relevent (jmg52, A-F, 2025).

Posted by Jmg52 on April 29, 2025 at 6:08


