---
title: Flower Child
layout: default
parent: F
nav_order:
---

# Flower Child

Created by  Unknown User (met6), last modified by  Mia Gennaro on May 03, 2023

Noun.  Another term for a hippie; a person whose lifestyle hearkens to that of the  1960s and '70s.Usage: &quot;Look at that barefoot girl&quot; &quot;Oh, she's just another flower child&quot; (noun) 1. used to describe a person who is unique and often in touch with the earth and nature; they are very spirited and down to earth, very similar to a hippy, Ex. &quot;Keep letting her run around the yard, she is such a flower child.&quot; (Gennaro, A-F, 2023)

Comments:

70% of those surveyed were able to identify the term, but all said they do not use it. K. Andryshak, 2012

Posted by kla8 at Nov 20, 2012 15:19

Based on survey results, 100% of participants could define the word; indicating that the word is not obsolete (M Gillanders, A-F, 2019).

Posted by meg23 at Apr 23, 2019 21:50

According to the survey, 90% of participants are familiar with this term, therefore the word is not obsolete. However, this word is not used frequently in Geneseo student vocabulary. Due to students not finding a need to replace the word &quot;hippy&quot; with this term, it is really not used in present day. (Gennaro, A-F, 2023). 

Posted by mcg16 at May 04, 2023 16:09

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

current student population of Geneseo Institution polled, both male and female

Comments:

AG: the term has always been well known which is why 76% of those who had heard the term could actually define it is becoming a less commonly used phrase due its lack of popularity as only 10.7% had heard the term used.

posted by amg57 on May 2, 2025


