---
title: for-a-munute
layout: default
parent: F
nav_order:
---

# for-a-munute

Created by  Unknown User (jfw3), last modified on Sep 09, 2008

Adjective A long period of time; &quot;She's been in there for-a-munute. I wonder what's going on.&quot;

Results: This is a word new to the dictionary, listed by two African-American students at the end of their surveys. The word was not tested beyond that. It is our suggestion that &quot;munute&quot; is a replacement of &quot;minute.&quot;

Source: Dictionary of Geneseo English, Spring 1999 - Kocher-2006

Comments:

According to my group's survey thus far, 0% of surveyors are familiar with this term. Because this word was listed by two students at the end of their surveys in a past class, it could be guessed that &quot;in a munute&quot; may have been a spelling error, given that the letter &quot;u&quot; is right next to the letter &quot;i&quot; on the keyboard of a computer; however, there is almost virtually no way to find out the true answer to this hypothesis. The term &quot;in a munute&quot; however is known by 0% of surveyors; therefore, the word is obs. at this time.(Birkby, A-F, 2012)

Posted by ccb7 at Nov 19, 2012 09:34

According to the survey, 40% of participants were familiar with this word. An equal percentage (40%) were unfamiliar with this word and 20% of participants had heard the word, but could not define it. (H. Ali, A-F, 2019)

Posted by hea4 at Apr 30, 2019 16:49

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
