---
title: Freshmeat
layout: default
parent: F
nav_order:
---

# Freshmeat

Created by  Unknown User (crk4), last modified by  Mia Gennaro on May 03, 2023

n.1. New students at a college/university seeking sexual relations with someone/anyone. Also references upperclassmen at the college/university looking for new members of the student population to have sexual relations with. K. Andryshak, 2012Historically (within Geneseo Dictionary project):Noun To upper-classmen males, reporter having heard item on other campuses as well; &quot;Let's go to that open party and check out the ''Freshmeat''.&quot; Said to have originated earlier than Spring 1994 (possibly 91) but no evidence.Dictionary of Geneseo English, Spring 1994 - KocherOur finding has shown that 61% of student knew this word, yet only 0% of students had first heard it on the Geneseo campus. Therefore, although restricted to a school setting, by no means is this word only Geneseo slang.(Klein, E-H, 2008)(noun) - 1. usually used to describe a group of incoming freshman who seem too comfortable in a new environment; this term is often used by older classes in order to talk down on/humble the newest members of a school, Ex. &quot;Get out of my seat freshmeat, I was sitting there. &quot; 2. (noun) can be used specifically by older boys in a school to talk about new girls; checkout new people that are at school in order to see who they want “Let’s stay at the party for a minute to check out the fresh meat.” (Gennaro, A-F, 2023)

Comments:

This entry needs a better definition--the example sentence isn't sufficient.

Posted by drake at Dec 21, 2010 22:15

According to the survey, 80% of those surveyed were familiar with this term. 20% of those surveyed had not heard this term. This word is not Geneseo specific. (H. Ali, A-F, 2019)

Posted by hea4 at Apr 30, 2019 17:06

According to the survey, 64% of participants are very familiar with this term, therefore the word is not obsolete. Some students are less familiar with this word, therefore is not used frequently in Geneseo students vocabulary. Due to its negative connotation and overall cringey meaning due to its main usage period (young age of the current generation), this word is not as frequently used as it was in the past. This term is universal throughout college and high school nationwide. (Gennaro, A-F, 2023). 

Posted by mcg16 at May 04, 2023 16:38

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
