---
title: Sad Panda
layout: default
parent: S
nav_order:
---

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Sad Panda

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

Q-T

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Sad Panda

Created by  Unknown User (clp11), last modified by  David Sweeney on May 04, 2023

(n.) A sad person, a person in emotional distress. &quot;If Sarah can't come to the party tonight, I'm going to be a sad panda.&quot; This term originated from an episode of South Park, where a man in a panda costume was teaching the children about sexual harassment. A similar definition can be found on Urban Dictionary. This term is not Geneseo specific. Pullano, S-Z, 20101. This terms seems to be gaining popularity again.  It was used and recognizable by many people in fraternities and sports groups.  Romig, S-Z, 2015.2.This term has also gained notoriety amongst sports organizations under a different definition. The other popular definition for this word: (n.) A Caucasian person who is upset after receiving two black eyes, and thus resembles a &quot;sad panda.&quot; &quot;Jack should not have hit on that guy's girlfriend the other night, now he's just one Sad Panda.&quot; 15/16 participants in club sports are familiar with this definition. Bettina S-Z 2015.2023: 90% of survey takers indicated that they didn't recognize the word and 97% indicated they never use the word. This term is obsolete (Sweeney, S-Z, 2023)

Comments:

This term is still being used today and I think that shows the influence of pop culture on the way people talk and the vocabulary that they use.

Posted by cmf9 at Dec 04, 2012 10:13

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
