---
title: Special Talent - archived
layout: default
parent: S
nav_order:
---

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Special Talent - archived

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

Q-T

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Special Talent - archived

Created by  Unknown User (arh11), last modified by  Graham Drake on Jan 14, 2015

(n.) Students let in with lower grades on athletics who are forced to attend study hall. &quot;He gets good grades just because he's special talent.&quot; Source: Dictionary of Geneseo English 2001. Obsolete Fall 2006.  ST.

Comments:

As of fall 2010, this phrase has ceased to be obsolete, and is used with the same meaning that it was previously. Pullano, S-Z, 2010.

Posted by clp11 at Nov 23, 2010 13:38

This is a particularly difficult entry, in that &quot;special talent&quot; is neither widely recognized nor entirely obsolete. I can understand why the 2006 and 2010 groups believed it was obsolete because even in our survey only 18 out of 86 people responded with the correct definition. It would seem that, at the very least, &quot;special talent&quot; is not a common phrase and is especially unused outside of athletic circles. Geneseo is not known for its athletics, which might be why the phrase has so little presence on campus. I feel quite certain, however, that student athletes recognize the phrase and still use it in its correct context. RMyers, S-Z, 2012.

Posted by ram17 at Nov 20, 2012 12:21

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
