---
title: Spring 2015 Reports
layout: default
parent: S
nav_order:
---

# Spring 2015 Reports

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Spring 2015 Reports

Created by  Graham Drake, last modified on Mar 22, 2019

Group 1: Scott Blanchard-Marshall, Klarisa Loft, Ursula Quinn, Nivedita Rajan, Matias Serrano Rios, Cody Studer, Christie TiberioProfessor DrakeENGL 36129 April 2015Geneseo Dictionary Project – Letters A-FThe goal for our dictionary project was to study the college lexis, both Geneseo and non-Geneseo specific, to test existing terms in the Geneseo dictionary wiki, and trace the development of those terms, as well as any new additions. By questioning our peers in an organized manner, we were able to come up with a system that tested our assigned terms, and how relevant these terms are today.The first step was to scour through our assigned section, letters A through F, in the Geneseo online dictionary and highlight the terms we felt were irrelevant or needed some editing. We found many of these terms to be either unrecognizable or misleading in their connotation, with an abundance of obscure drinking games, sexual acts, etc. For example, zero percent of the people surveyed were familiar with the terms “bloompy,” “bugger freeze,” “chotch,” and “dunzell,” along with various others, many containing profane definitions. Some of these terms have faded in usage or become obsolete, but others were unidentifiable upon their entrance into the dictionary (indicated by the zero percent marker on the wiki), making it appear that the terms were either made up or only used by a select group of people.The second step was having our group members come up with a new set of terms we felt were Geneseo or college applicable that were not previously in the dictionary. These included terms such as “alumni,” “CAS,” “Campus Cash,” “cram session,” “Dean of Students,” “Emmelodics,” “Fast Cash,” and “Flex.” The results of our survey were varied, with the most identifiable being terms like “craving,” “cram session,” and “alumni,” and the least identifiable being “C-DUBZ,” “asada,” “beirut,” and “cothernus.” It’s interesting to note that the most identified terms were the ones that other college students and even those that are not attending college could identify, and that the ones generally fixed to Geneseo were dependent on what each particular student is involved in on campus.We then started up a Facebook page titled “Geneseo Dictionary Survey” and attached a survey we had created in order to test the terms that were already present in our section that felt inconclusive in our understanding of them. We also made sure to circulate the link to our survey on our own individual profiles and through email, adding in comments to encourage people to take a few moments of their time. Some of us sent it to friends in other states, such as California and Florida, where most of the terms were validated besides the Geneseo-specific terms. They often had different terms for similar concepts, for colleges generally have similar aspects and functions, but give them different names in order to contribute to making each college specific and out of the ordinary. For example, the term “beirut” is used to refer to a drinking game, otherwise known as “Beer Pong”. This term was immediately defined as a drinking game by the few students we tested from California, which may be due to regional differences that set California apart from Western New York.For step four, we took the terms we had come up with and then formed a mini-survey of them along with conducting one-on-one surveys with about five individuals per group member to obtain a statistically balanced sample set for the results. These people were strictly students who attend Geneseo, for most of the terms we came up with were Geneseo-specific. We made sure that, in selecting these individuals, we would have a wide variety of majors as well as academic years they were in. We ended up with results from freshmen to seniors and majors including English, Communications, foreign languages, Mathematics, Chemistry, and many more. The survey essentially asked the questions “Do you recognize this term?” and “How would you define this term as it is used in Geneseo?” and was sent through email.Step five took us to working on collating the data obtained from both surveys in order to identify the terms according to their varying degrees of modern usage. Through this process, we were able to establish the developing trend of these terms, as well as the context they were used in real time. Our interpretation of the more general survey took into account the fact that some of the terms that referenced sexual connotations were considered more obscure to the participants at large, which does reflect our own slight befuddlement when we initially discovered these terms on the Geneseo dictionary.Step six involved us incorporating our research into the Geneseo dictionary, in the form of the terms we came up with, and obtained definitions to. These additions were essentially our personal contribution to the growing lexicon that is the Geneseo dictionary. Although we conducted a larger survey in order to test the validity of pre-existing terms in the Geneseo dictionary, we chose not to remove any of the obsolete terms due to the need to maintain a record of the lexical progress that has been observed ever since the inception of this dictionary project. In addition to to keeping the obsolete terms (of the 2014-2015 academic year) for the sake of maintaining a record, we also considered the fact that some of these terms may eventually come back into usage in regular campus life.In surveying students from other colleges, both in and out of state, it is interesting to note that schools often have very similar parts to them (meal plans, buildings, clubs, etc.) but use different terms to address them. These terms are used in advertising each school, trying to play up how unique it is from the endless stream of colleges that potential students are looking at when, in reality, other schools have similar, if not the same, aspects to them. They are just listed under different titles.Although we developed a fairly solid understanding of the process of developing a dictionary, we also recognized the problems and limitations that crept up intermittently during the semester. Some of these issues included the need for a fair sample set that would span across college majors and academic years; this was solved by the utilization of the Facebook survey that reached a wide range of individuals, insuring the data was not skewed. Although the period of waiting between the formation of the survey and the acquisition of results was beyond our control as the survey participants were providing their responses while balancing their own busy schedules.It was also a little difficult to navigate the Geneseo wiki page that contains the dictionary at first, for we were unfamiliar with that particular technology. The process of adding to the dictionary is a step-by-step process that is not explained in great detail on the wiki page (understandable, considering who might be going in to edit it). It basically just involves having to log in to the dictionary using our Geneseo IDs before adding, deleting, or editing any of the lexical entries. Through practice and the assistance of other students, we were able to figure it out and from there the procedure was very fluid.Aside from technical challenges, we also discovered that not all the terms that we surveyed were known, or understood, by all Geneseo students, although a vague definition could be derived from some of the terms. This helped us identify the lexical variations among the students across college majors and academic years. One example of these relatively unknown terms is, “Alpha Psi Omega” which is the National Theatre Honor Society. Most of the people surveyed had to guess at it, the most common guess being “a fraternity” or “some sort of fraternity.” Those that defined it correctly almost always had some sort of involvement in the theatre department. This worked to branch off those that are Geneseo theatre students from the large tree of general Geneseo students. Another more prosaic issue that came up was the high volume of terms that ranged from mildly insulting to downright derogatory. We did leave the majority of them in the dictionary though since, as controversial as some of these terms may be, they do form an integral part of college life in general.Overall, as participants of the Geneseo Dictionary Project, our group helped further develop the archive of college lexis by adding new terms and updating existing ones. By undertaking this project, we act as amateur lexicographers who work to update and preserve the colloquial nature of college lexis as we encounter it on a day-to-day basis, in much the same way as the lexicographers in the past who worked on compiling dictionaries such as the OED. It also created a sense of community, in a way, for realizing what terms were Geneseo-specific and who recognized them helped us to see how unique the vernacular used on the Geneseo campus can be. There were terms that college students in general would be able to identify, making a connection between us and our peers who are also attending the same level of schooling. The Geneseo dictionary project has created an archive of what is basically “college speech,” tracking the use of related terms in a new way for students to use at their own pleasure, or discretion.**********************************************************************************************************************************************************Group 2: Alexandre Bonetto, Julie Eckert, Allison Fox, Diego Barcacel Pena, Marisa Powell, Valerie Sigl and Justin WhelehanGraham DrakeENGL 36126 April 2015The Process of Revising the Geneseo DictionaryG-MDiscerning the vernacular of a given area provides insight into a culture’s values and practices. SUNY Geneseo exists as a microcosm within the American college community, and its role is even more minuscule in the English-speaking world. Nevertheless, a college campus has the ability to generate vocabulary that describes the way of life within a campus. SUNY Geneseo is no exception, as the school possesses its own set of words and slang specific to Geneseo. Additionally, the school’s lexicon includes familiar words, which retain distinctive uses and definitions. Just as the Inuit people employed several words for “snow” and the Ancient Romans maintained thirty-three words for “kill”, SUNY Geneseo displays a unique vernacular that speaks to Geneseo’s lifestyle. In this study, student feedback challenged us, surprised us, and fulfilled our expectations throughout our effort to identify the Geneseo dictionary.Initially our group endeavored to familiarize ourselves with the dictionary itself. First impressions gave us an insight into how other groups have uploaded things in the past and gave us a template for how our information would be presented. Immediately, a group of words was identified as being in the wrong order and we made a note for future relocation. Next, we examined the list by asking ourselves a series of questions: What types of words were present? Do we notice any particular trends in the type of language? What was the ratio of “Geneseo” specific terms to more “college” specific terms? Does the fact that students come from all over the world reflect this list? Were there any words or phrases that we could immediately identify as irrelevant? Were there any words on the list considered to be borderline- antiquated in terms of usage and comprehension? We needed to establish the parameters of our project to determine what needed to be done and the best approach to move forward.Taking all of these questions into consideration, we decided that our best plan of attack would be to each individually go through our section of the list using these questions to each identify a list of our own words to add or re-test. To go along with this research, we brainstormed different surveying techniques as well as potential effective information gathering resources to facilitate the most information possible. These individual lists would then be compared at our weekly meetings scheduled for before class to determine a more refined group of common words we could take and then re-survey.After determining a roster of words we began work on testing usage. To decrease the influence of sample bias we widened and diversified our area of survey. Individuals in the group surveyed the patrons of local bars. While at work, another individual canvassed the wide section of the student population that passed through the establishment. Yet another created google forms and emailed them to as broad a range as possible. We asked students we saw at various locations on campus. We reached out to various groups that were not contacted for the first round of survey to further extend our reach. We utilized social media to track responses to particular words and reach greater portions of the student body. However, to ensure the integrity of our samples we avoided locking our research into particulars groups at this stage and we made every attempt to create impartial polling systems that avoided favoring responses from friends. When possible we asked for demographics of those answering surveys, to ensure that trends in a word weren’t associated with sample bias. For example when the name of a particular campus group tested unusually high we found that a large percentage of the survey pool were associated with that organization. We retested the word and all subsequent cases of false trends. Our efforts at this stage were concentrated in casting as wide a net as possible to generate valid data to provide a more meaningful picture of the English of Geneseo. Although it seems at odds with our chosen path as English majors, lexicography is a science, and as a group we did our utmost best to work within the conventions of the discipline. The contributions represent an accurate sample of Geneseo’s particular strain of English.After seeing the words that were already in the Geneseo Dictionary, coming up with new ones seemed like an impossible task. Seeing words like, “GLK, GREAT Day, and Humans vs. Zombies,” already in the dictionary broke our sweet college hearts. So, we went to our friends, fraternities, sororities, and organizations and we asked them for words that they felt were important to Geneseo. Some of us posted Facebook statuses requesting words that started with letters G through M. Unfortunately, some of us weren’t as specific in asking what kinds of words we wanted. For example, Diego received many responses when he asked for words, but many of those words were too vague to have any importance to the Geneseo Dictionary. Words like, “grade, loan, and material,” were suggested but they seemed too simple, almost too generic to be considered for the dictionary. Valerie asked her friends in Geneseo and in other colleges for words, and she received an overwhelming number of words that fit our criteria. Marisa sent out surveys to various Greek organizations on campus and she, too, received an overwhelming amount of words. Allison posted posters on the walls of her dorm hall and was given words that barely pertained to our project and words that did not make sense. Justin and Alex both asked their friends for words. Diego casually asked a club that he is a part of, Men Incorporating Leadership Empowerment and Service (MILES), for words during what seemed like a five hour drive to Niagara Falls.              Additionally, we discovered that some of the words in the Geneseo Dictionary were not current with the times, so we brainstormed ways to update their histories. For example, the IB, or the In Between, recently closed its doors and that information was not listed under the entry for “IB.” This was something that we could update. We tested out words to see if they were still in use, or if they became more relevant than they once were.            One challenge that we faced was learning how to work the wikipage. The technology, at first, was confusing, but ultimately we learned to adapt to the website. As we gathered results about our tested words, we contributed them to the wikipage. For new words, we followed the website’s already existing format. For updated words, we simply added our new entries and updated definitions to the previously listed words and included the updated statistics. Once we became familiar and comfortable with the wikipage, uploading and updating words was a simple process. We uploaded 36 total words: Gandy Dancer, G-Big/G-Little, Geneseo Chinese Culture Club, Geneseo Crushes, Genny, Genowhere, Giavanna’s, Ginseng, Goals, Goober, HAM, Harvard of SUNYs, Hashtag Top 25 Most Dangerous Schools, Heard @ Geneseo, Hillel at Geneseo, Hips’ &amp; Harmony, Hot Minute, Hot Sec, Insomnia Film Festival, Interfaith Center, Intervarsity Christian Fellowship (IV), It’s Lit, Japanese Culture Club, Jazz Combo, Jazz Ensemble, Kappa Sigma, Kick, Korye, Lamron, Latino Student Association (LSA), Letchdown, Lib, Littlelit, Mondaze, Musical Theater Club (MTC), Muslim Student Association. We updated 9 total words: Gaitoring, GUS, Headies, Herb, Hottie Boombody, Hub Rat, IB, Letch, Middies. However, one problem remained: dictionary project groups from previous years had uploaded words incorrectly, putting them in the wrong folder. This semester, our particular group focused on words starting with the letters G-M. The layout of the wikipage has a folder for words starting with E-H, I-L, and M-P, and the corresponding folder must be used when uploading new words. For example, when uploading the word “goober”, it is necessary to already be on the E-H page, as that is where the word will post. However, if “goober” is posted to the I-L page, then the word will incorrectly remain on that page. Thus, when we received our portion of the alphabet and consulted the Geneseo dictionary, we quickly discovered that a large number of words were misplaced. Marisa learned how to move words on the wikipage, and relocated every misplaced word in its correct folder. This tedious, though necessary task, ensured that the Geneseo Dictionary wikipage was correct and looked professional.Because the project depended on other people’s input, we encountered some difficulties. Likewise, we ran into several difficulties along the way, as this is a project that relies heavily on the participation of others to provide us with data. At first, when collecting potential words to add, many strangers did not take the request seriously and thus provided us with silly suggestions. Another problem we ran into was collecting data on certain words. For instance, when we knocked on doors or approached random students for their opinion, many of them turned us away. Even though something like this would not take much time, people seemed unwilling to put forth that little time required to fill out a short survey or answer a simple question. On another occasion we had the potential of reaching around three hundred students in Onondaga Hall with an e-mail. However, this e-mail did not gain approval by the residence director. No matter how persistent we were with trying to get participants, few of the people we approached participated. Although we faced these difficulties and encountered many hurdles, overall our project generated successful additions and modifications.Ultimately, this group project was an investigation into Geneseo English that helped us understand how language changes with time, and how it becomes specific to a certain area. We found out that some of the words were no longer up to date, because things have changed. Therefore the use of a word only exists if its function is necessary to communicate an idea. The process of finding new words has not always been easy, because most students use language subconsciously. However, surveys and facebook posts, as well as brainstorm posters allowed us to find relevant entries for the dictionary. A time-consuming portion was the process of finding people who would be willing to participate. Finally, we had to find out how to use and update the wikipage efficiently, in order to add our new words in the right place. Altogether, we realized that Geneseo’s lifestyle requires a certain amount of locally specific vocabulary that is used among the students. Structural renovations and academic changes made this vocabulary evolve year after year, but there has always been a Geneseo English. On a larger scale, regional accents and dialects are just a bigger version of Geneseo English as well. Discovering this broader perspective was the purpose of this project, as we now better understand how and why English alters itself. ******************************************************************************************************************************************************** Daisy Anderson, Kyle Frink, William Foley, Laura Major,Kimberly Owen, Marissa Toran, Stephanie WilcoxenGroup 3: N-R Group ReportProfessor Drake29 April 2015 Throughout our contributions to the Dictionary of Geneseo English, our group has realized that the unique language that is spoken in our community is complex and distinctive while constantly changing and growing. Because of this, many pre-existing words in the dictionary are no longer in use, as marked “obsolete,” which serve as a history of the language of Geneseo that was once spoken and understood, and that has since changed. As well, our group has acknowledged new words and phrases that we have heard at Geneseo, and tested these words to add them to Geneseo’s lexicon as part of a representation of the culture in the Geneseo community.We took a two pronged approach to collecting data for our project. We initially met as a group and all went through our section of the alphabet in order to pick out words that we thought might be obsolete and note words that we wanted to add to the dictionary. From this we created a survey through a google doc form and sent it to a couple of friends. This beta testing told us that the survey would take about 10 minutes to fill out. We sent that survey to some specific groups around Geneseo (the swim team, club baseball, several greek organizations, and APO) and then decided to add a few more questions and send it out to an even wider population, eventually getting responses from 119 people (we posted it in each class year’s facebook page with great success and Professor Drake sent it out to various list serves). Overall, we chose to limit the amount of words we tested in this survey because we felt that it would not garner as many responses if it took longer to fill out. We envisioned this survey as having a somewhat narrow focus but bringing us data from a broad population of responders.  We augmented this extremely quantitative data with many shorter individual interviews. We believe that this second approach is an important one because throughout the course of class we have realized more and more that understanding the meaning of the words of a language is not the same as being embedded in a speech community and understanding that community’s usage of those words. In his presentation on the King James Bible, David Crystal argues that its major influence was on modern idiom usage. Rooted in this argument is that idea that idioms—and other language uses which are not based strictly on word definition—are central to fully understanding language. The Story of English also repeatedly explored these standardized irregular ways of using language: speaking English does not guarantee an understanding of Cockney rhyming slang, for example. Thus, one of our group’s main goals was to add how the Geneseo community uses words in specific contexts and with specific connotations to the Geneseo dictionary. To ensure that we were truly representing the Geneseo community we also asked students to put the words we tested into sentences during these interviews—drawing inspiration from the volunteer readers who contributed to the creation of the OED.  Our group encountered several unexpected and interesting responses while surveying. One thing we found was that many surveyors’ responses to the frequency of use scale did not correspond with whether or not they thought words were outdated. We expected that words with low frequency ratings (being heard rarely or never) would be marked outdated. However, there were many instances when this was not the case. For example, multiple surveyed students who gave “nobs” a zero out of five on the frequency also said that it was still in use. At the same time, both “party boots” and “on the rag” received some frequency ratings as high as four or five out of five, yet the same survey-takers marked them as outdated. This prompted us to doubt the students’ understanding of what we meant by “outdated” versus “still in use”, and so we adjusted our pass/fail standard for each word to receive an average of 50% of responses saying “still in use” or to receive at least a 2.5 out of five on the frequency scale, with a margin of .2 for error. This meant that words that received at least a 2.3 out of five, but had a high rating of “still in use”, were still considered in use and added to the dictionary. When testing the word “over”, we expected students to respond in reference to the definition “a person who is 21 years of age or older”, but found that many students who marked the word as heard frequently defined it differently. Because a number of students used the definition we originally intended as well, we decided to add a second definition that reflected the majority of responses. The second definition, “to be fed up”, was suggested by several students even when the survey insisted that the word was a noun.The words “ratchet” and “nah” tested the best of all, receiving a 3.8 and a 4.5, respectively. The high ratings of the words did not surprise us, but rather that the words had not already been added. We were surprised by the low-ratings of “party boots” and “puke slick,” however, as the majority of group members knew the words yet they both received less than a one out of five. “Puck slut” also received a 1.83, which surprised us, as we expected students to respond well to it, especially since hockey is such a significant part of student life at Geneseo specifically, and it still had a high enough “still in use” rating to be added to the dictionary. Finally, although “NARP” did not test well enough to be added (receiving only a 1.3 and having less that 50% of responders saying it was still in use), the surveyors who gave it better ratings on the frequency scale also had a consistent definition of a “non-athletic regular person”. We believe the response to “NARP” suggests that the term is somewhat specialized, used mostly by athletes, and so was not widely used enough to meet our standards even though it received consistently accurate definitions.As we formulated our questions, prepared our surveys, interviewed students, and calculated averages we did come across a few difficulties that needed our attention in order to produce a working project with real results. In the first draft of our survey we found that the students who were providing us with answers were not aware that the words we were asking about were primarily slang. Words we were testing, such as “over,” were gaining responses resembling strict Oxford Dictionary definitions rather than reflecting our colloquial slang and everyday usage. To attempt to make our questions more clear, we added the parts of speech for each word that may have been unclear. Making it clear that “nail” was not a noun but a verb, or that “nest” was a noun rather than an action was one step we took towards cleaning up our survey. This only partly remedied the lack of understanding between surveyor and surveyee. During our interviews with students, we found it appropriate to disclose that many of the words and phrases we were looking at were indeed slang and not Standard English. A problem we encountered when making our decisions on which words were going into the dictionary and which didn’t make the cut, was when we had to combine the data from the old survey with the updated version.In order to best consider our roles as contributors to the Geneseo Wiki Dictionary, it is important to determine just how much authority we had and how we tried to make this process as democratic as possible. This ability to recognize one's own effect as a person in an authoritative position on the results that are found is an important thing to be able to do. This sentiment is echoed by the primary editor of the Oxford English Dictionary, James Murray. Being that Murray was in an authoritative position for a project drawing on the knowledge and expertise of tens of thousands volunteers, he had to acknowledge the bias that he had as an authority towards the Scottish words that the OED had originally started with. Acknowledging one's bias and potential variables in an experiment such as this one is important, as it causes it to be much more democratic.One of the potential variables in our experiment that may have affected the results is the fact that although we did have a rather high response rate, we obviously could not survey the entire campus/community. Because of this fact, our results are confined to the people that took our surveys (although we did strive to include as many different people from as many different groups as possible) and are therefore limited in their accuracy. Another interesting factor that may have contributed to some idiosyncrasy in the results of our surveys is the fact that while taking the survey, the people themselves took upon the authoritative subject position and became emotionally invested in some of the words they were asked to define. These subjects would get angry at people who used certain words in certain ways, and would even go so far as to correct both the survey and the surveyors on some of their words. Students felt empowered as if they were helping to leave a significant mark on Geneseo language. This emotional investment and urge to make a difference is something that can cause deviation in results and make for some outlandish responses. We feel our interpretation of the survey itself was democratic as we asked subjects to determine whether a word was outdated or not as well as the frequency in which they heard it, and after considering the ways that these questions were understood differently, allowed high scores either category to dictate a word being included. These extra clarifying questions increased the validity of our understanding of what the test subjects were saying and eliminated any potential bias. The last point that is vital to this specific experiment and the authority that we have over its results is that the Geneseo Dictionary that we are working on is run much like a Wikipedia page. This means that anyone who can access it can comment on and edit the information that our group conducted real surveys to comprise. This can be seen as a naturally democratic system, but gives everyone an authoritative position and therefore leaves the door open for a large amount of misinformation to be spread without any statistical support.In his book, Dictionaries in Early Modern Europe, John Considine argues that dictionaries convey heritage. Heritage is important because it is a celebration of the past which unifies any given group of people. This is especially important in terms of the Geneseo Dictionary because the words recorded in it are words that have been important to Geneseo students in the past and continue to be used in the present. While looking through our words at the beginning of the semester, we noticed that many words were marked obsolete while some have remained in use. This prompted us to consider how Geneseo English has changed over the years to reflect the current culture and society. One of the words we found that was marked obsolete was “porchage,” which referred to an open porch on a house. The word was first added to the dictionary in 1996 but was marked obsolete in 2006. It was interesting to find a word that was used in Geneseo eleven years ago but is no longer used at all. It also allows a glimpse into past Geneseo culture. This word represents how words are tied to the heritage of Geneseo and how the dictionary captures this shared heritage. Geneseo’s heritage is also captured in words that are specific to Geneseo and have been used since 1996. One of these words is RJ which is an abbreviation of the dining hall Red Jacket on Southside. This is a common Geneseo phrase that has connected students of Geneseo--across many years of use--and contributed to the history of the language here at SUNY Geneseo.Overall, we made great progress in determining the current state and usage of various words at SUNY Geneseo.  However, as always, more extensive and prolonged research would probably have to be made to determine the scope of how many people are really using these words and how frequently.  Though working in a group presented an opportunity to interview/survey many different “crowds” and individuals, we probably still lacked in the diversity required to make broad general statements regarding the language of the school as a whole.  Perhaps such statements could never be made since phrases and slang do differ from subgroup to subgroup.  Nevertheless, it is interesting to see how much things have changed since the Geneseo Dictionary was created.  It is also intriguing to think about how much it will continue to change, and what new words will arise or dissipate in upcoming years.**********************************************************************************************************************************************************Group 4:Group Coordinator- Mark Romig, Assistant Coordinator- Meagan Turner, Researchers: Anthony Bettina, Kyle Freeman, Carrie Potter, Victoria Savallo ENGL 3614/29/15 Dr. DrakeDictionary Final Group Report S-Z             Since the creation of the Geneseo Dictionary, students have been tasked with updating it to reflect their current language use. Though some terms have survived the passage of time into 2015, many have become obsolete as the demographics of the student body and the cultural trends change. The language used here in Geneseo is a form of Standard English, with a lot of New York influences given the location of campus, but it does have a distinct set of terms and phrases to set it apart as its own dialect, a Geneseo English. Our group was responsible for determining how Geneseo English has changed for words located between S and Z and trying to find out why these changes took place or what might have influenced them.Methodology:            Each individual in our group was responsible for collecting data from different groups around campus so that we could maximize variability in student demographics.  The groups represented in our study thus constitute a biased collection method.  Two of our researchers orally interviewed people who were going in and out of the library which was one of the most biased collection methods because recording was conducted sporadically during the interview.  In terms of demographics however, this method was least biased because it targeted anyone on campus who was using an academic facility.  The other four researchers utilized online surveys created through GoogleForms thus reducing bias from any of the researchers because all responses were recorded.  Participants were less likely to give naturalistic responses in this data collection method because certain fields in the online survey needed to be filled out, whereas in an oral interview participants have more freedom to change topics of discussion. Furthermore, since access to these online surveys was restricted to those who had the link to the survey, the number of potential participants was reduced.  One of our researchers chose to interview the local chapter of the co-ed fraternity, Alpha Phi Omega, to which they belonged.  One of the main activities that every member in this community participates in is volunteering and so words relating to volunteerism, help, or selflessness would certainly reflect the researched population, instead of the entire campus.  Another of our researchers interviewed the local chapter of the sorority Alpha Sigma Tau and there are similar biases at work here, however there is an additional dimension of male exclusion from this data collection.  The next population that was researched was the all-male rugby team that plays for SUNY Geneseo and words relating to athleticism were reflected by this specific population.  The final researched population were international students which was biased in the diachronic sense because many didn’t have longitudinal experience with American culture the way that a domestic student would have.  This population was chosen because we thought that international students served an important measure of how fluid language is due to how quickly international students adopt and internalize slang words that fluctuate in and out of popularity.  There were different versions of the online survey that we sent out, but there were essential questions that appeared in each online survey.  In order to evaluate the degree to which our surveys influenced our participants to respond in a certain way we first want to describe the question types and how this may bias participants.  In our surveys we asked the participant to “check any of the following words that you would use in conversation”.  We chose the word “conversation” because we wanted to make sure that students were checking off words that they knew as well as use.  For example, most people would know the word “groovy”, but many would probably not use it in conversation.  Surveys only had about 20 of the words from the S-Z portion of the Geneseo English Dictionary because our group thought that listing all of the words may overwhelm the participants and negatively influence results.  As a follow-up to this question we asked participants to give brief descriptions of the words that they checked off in order to further prove that they knew what each word meant. This would give us additional information about words that have started to take on other meanings throughout Geneseo’s history such as the word “snap”.  We also asked the participants to disclose their gender as well as their class in order to reveal any patterns that may arise as a result of gender roles on campus as well as certain experiences that may only be open to people who have been in Geneseo longer.  Retrospectively, we have realized that a participant’s class year may not reflect how long that they have been in Geneseo and this is something that we would specify in future studies.  There were some surveys that had additional demographic information such as major, but not every survey had this.  Finally, we asked participants to let us know of any other words that they think we should include in the Geneseo English Dictionary which did provide our group with a few new words, however most of our new words came from different collection methods.The way that our group went about collecting data on new words for our section of the alphabet was more informal than our previous surveys.  While it is true that many of our previous surveys gave us new words, they were actually much more useful in indicating what kinds of context to look for new words.  For example, one of our participants listed “selfie” as a new word which brought our attention to the lack of social media words that have been excluded from the Geneseo English Dictionary until our group’s submission.  Not only were the name of the apps recorded, but language that proliferated around these apps, such as “upvote” for Yik Yak and “tweetstorm” for Twitter, became apparent. Most of our new words actually came from many of these social media devices, especially Yik Yak.  This was a great platform for learning about the Geneseo words specifically because the range of anonymous tweets essentially covered the entire campus plus most off-campus housing.  The anonymous part was another feature that we think increased the number of entries because people were less likely to try and monitor their behavior and language.  Finally, most of our data about the meanings of these words come from “party” settings because we wanted to make sure that, as researchers, we weren’t the only ones who knew and used these words.              In our section of the Geneseo Dictionary, there seemed to be more obsolete words than were originally expected. Because we had gone through our section of the dictionary and separated the words we were responsible for into words we know and words we don’t know, it was easy to run through the words we didn’t know checking them on the Dictionary to see if they had been marked obsolete already. Many previous classes who have worked on this project marked most of the words we were unfamiliar with as obsolete already, these included terms such as “Shaq Diesel” or “thotch.” This made our work easier, in that we didn’t have to do much updating, but left us with the task of trying to find new words and figuring out which unfamiliar words were actually outdated.We had 93 participants in our surveys, which is a larger number than we had anticipated being able to poll, but it is in no way a full look at language usage on campus, since our student body and surrounding community is of a much larger size than this. Our surveys were set up in such a way as to confirm any suspicions we had as to obsolete words, confirm usage of some new words, and allow students to provide us with examples of their current speech. In this way the surveys were very helpful as they allowed us to collect data on obsolete and new words at the same time. They were able to show us that words we had suspected to be out of use actually were, and surprisingly showed us some words we believed to be obsolete were still understood and used . One of the places where we ran into some difficulties was with the term “Sad Panda.” Two of our first surveys showed that 2/49 people would use the word “Sad Panda” in conversation, which affirmed our belief that the term was obsolete. However upon further polling we were able to find 20/50 people thought it was still in use. These results came from one survey which polled only freshman and another which one polled members of the men’s rugby team. We took this to believe that the word isn’t obsolete just yet, but rather is being used in certain groups still but might no longer be widespread.            A lot of the additions we have contributed to the dictionary are words based on social media. Because of the growing presence of technology on campus and in student life, even between 2012 and 2015, many of our new words deal with these additions.  Smartphones have brought us apps that are in widespread use, such as: Tinder, Snapchat, and Yik Yak. Tinder is a dating app that uses physical location to find other single people, Snapchat is for sending pictures that are only visible for a few seconds, and Yik Yak is an anonymous form of Twitter. These social media apps have become a large part of student life, with 43/49 students polled knowing and using Yik Yak in their conversations. The statistics for other forms of social media and technology followed similar trends, these aren’t things that past students would be familiar with, but future classes might be.         Regarding the future of the Geneseo Dictionary, it seems to be something that will continue to evolve as the campus does. I think that having this class conduct the research for the project is really useful, as it ties in so closely with the material we cover in class. The Geneseo community can be seen, based on the research we have done,  as using a unique dialect of the English language, with its own vocabulary which clearly is undergoing changes as the student population changes.            Though this is not to say that the process and the dictionary itself don’t have room for improvement. As the demographics of the class changes the population of the groups being surveyed will change. As we pointed out in our report we mainly surveyed groups that we belonged to with some exceptions, so the population we survey will always vary even though it is the Geneseo community, it may never be an all-inclusive look at the language the community uses. This may be a goal for future curators of the dictionary, trying to work together within the groups to actively poll a larger representation of the population.            Throughout the semester, we have been tasked with providing evidence on what constitutes a dialect.  This has been a major discussion amongst many people because one’s language reflects one’s culture.  The controversy over teaching Ebonics in classrooms was fueled by dissenting opinions on what should be considered Standard English.  To this end, people tried to prove that Black English was a dialect and not a full-fledged language.  Similar discussions over national identities have taken place in the discussion of Scottish and Canadian English as dialects.  In the process of updating and looking the Geneseo Dictionary of English parallels became apparent, but the extent to which these factors constitute a dialect or a separate language requires is debatable.            Phonologically, Geneseo English (GE) does not vary much from Standard English (StE).  Indeed, most of the differences within GE are a result of the Northern Cities Shift since a majority of the population who speaks GE comes from New York due to the reduced tuition price.  The largest phonological differences within GE manifest in the signature “R-dropping” of those from upstate and the backed, diphthongized /a/ found in those from New York City.  The syntax and morphology of GE doesn’t vary much from Ste, instead, much of the differentiation manifests in the lexicon.  Much of the lexicon of GE is culturally tied to locations, events, and people of Geneseo as well as college-related words.  In aggregate these linguistic categories suggest that GE is a dialect of StE, rather than a full-fledged language, but the difference is still important to note.  For example, the sentence, “After I turnt up at the Stizz I went to Mia’s and saw a thot, but I forgot to ask for her number because I was so schwasted”, is StE with lexically based code-switching in and out of GE.  Without knowing GE it would be impossible to know exactly what this person was talking about, but the general sense could be understood.              Due to the fact that we are contributing to the Geneseo English Dictionary there is an inherent authority that we are given.  The idea of authority is rooted in competition and prescriptivist ideals which easily leads to marginalization of some aspect of the language.  To this end, we can’t really be fair.  Even if we were to survey the entire campus (and get objective responses from all of them), there would still be incoming students or past students who felt that their perspectives were not being considered.  The diachronic nature of the Geneseo English Dictionary can reduce these kinds of feelings, but logistical errors will persist.  The process could be much more democratic by having a prescribed percentage that must be met in order to indicate that a word is still in use.  Additionally, more coordination between the groups (i.e developing a survey that everyone agrees is suitable) would make the process more democratic.  While the work that we did is certainly important in the documentation of the evolution of Geneseo English, it is by no means the ultimate immaculate representation of what Geneseo English, was, is, and can be.                             

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
