---
title: Taint
layout: default
parent: T
nav_order:
---

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Taint

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

Q-T

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Taint

Created by  Unknown User (kmh28), last modified on Sep 23, 2008

Taint: (noun) The area between male or female genitalia.

Also found on Urban Dictionary.

Source: VMishra 2006

Comments:

This definition needs better and more graphic explanation. The wording of the sentence, using the word &quot;between,&quot; implies a third thing between two other things. This can sound either as if

a) males and females each have two sets of genitals.

b) this is somehow referring to a space between a male's genitals and a female's genitals during a sexual act. 

Future groups need to clarify this without blushing.

Posted by drake at Dec 23, 2010 11:20

The word &quot;taint&quot; refers to the skin that lies between a human's anus and his or her genitalia. Both genders have taints. The word is slang for the biologically correct term &quot;Perineum,&quot; and therefore is only used in sexual context.I don't often hear the term employed in regular conversation, but it is slang that has persisted through the years and remains relevant, though it is definitely not Geneseo-specific.RMyers, S-Z, 2012

Posted by ram17 at Nov 20, 2012 14:12

This word will likely remain in common usage due to its usage for a card in the game &quot;Cards Against Humanity&quot;, a much more vulgar form of Apples to Apples.  The Taint card reads &quot;The taint; the grundle; the fleshy fun bridge&quot;.  This often leads to more people learning the definition of this word than originally knew it. (Tim Moriarty, S-Z Group, 2012)

Posted by tm7 at Nov 20, 2012 18:20

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
