---
title: That's not my bag
layout: default
parent: Unsorted
nav_order:
---

Bibliographies and Study Guides : That's not my bag

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

Q-T

Bibliographies and Study Guides : That's not my bag

Created by  Unknown User (kmh28), last modified on Dec 02, 2008

(phrase) I am not &quot;all about&quot; that; I do not like or do that.

2008: Still easily recognizable, but more commonly replaced by &quot;That's not my thing&quot;

&quot;...You want to go streaking in the middle of the night in the middle of winter? That's not my bag.&quot;

Source: Geneseo Dictionary 2006. FNeveldine. Originally from Revised Dictionary of Geneseo English 1999. 

Comments:

It's interesting that this post has never been deemed obsolete, but I image that this is because of its 2008 revision. &quot;That's not my thing&quot; is entirely recognizable, but I would venture to guess that most students would not be able to identify &quot;That's not my bag&quot; as meaning the same thing. &quot;That's not my bag&quot; is an obsolete term in Geneseo English, but its meaning can be easily derived from context.I believe there's another similar phrase - &quot;That's not my game&quot; - which is still in use. There are probably many others that mean the same thing, even the somewhat older &quot;That's not my cup of tea.&quot; The transformation of this phrase is definitely worthy of note because the originator is no longer is no longer in use.RMyers, S-Z, 2012

Posted by ram17 at Nov 20, 2012 17:41

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
