---
title: The City
layout: default
parent: T
nav_order:
---

# The City

Created by  Unknown User (kmh28), last modified on Dec 02, 2008

(noun) New York City.

2008: Always used as entire phrase; &quot;the&quot; is integral in defining it as NYC as opposed to an arbitrary city.

&quot;I love The City during Christmas time.&quot;

Source: Geneseo Dictionary 2006. Marcantonio.

Comments:

How would one use the word &quot;city&quot; without the definite article &quot;the&quot;? I don't think that can be the defining factor. &quot;I live in the country, not in the city&quot; could refer to Rockland County vs. New York City, or it could mean rural northwestern Pennslvania as opposed to the City of Erie.

Posted by drake at Dec 23, 2010 11:08

I believe that the most important aspect of this phrase is the context in which it is used. It is mainly used in circumstances when the listener understands that the speaker implies a specific city location as opposed to &quot;the city versus the country/rural area.&quot; One example of such context would be if the listener knows that the speaker is from New York City or a region surrounding that particular city and is making reference to that location, as in the example given in the above entry. One problem associated with this phrase is the possibility that it could mainly either mean New York City or Rochester when used by Geneseo students. This could be connected to the divide between &quot;upstate&quot; and &quot;downstate&quot; in the usage of certain phrases - perhaps upstaters would mainly signify Rochester when referencing &quot;the city&quot; and downstaters would signify New York City in their usage of the phrase. (EReck, S-Z, 2012)

Posted by ejr7 at Nov 19, 2012 00:14

I think the confusion stems from a sort of ethnocentrism that students have for their homes.  My personal usage of this word or phrase is as a reference to the nearest city.  I think the definite article is actually very important to the specific usage of this phrase in social groups because it works off of a shared knowledge of what specific city one is referring to.  A conversation with a Rochester native using this word can have a very different meaning when compared to someone from Long Island or even Buffalo/Syracuse. (Tim Moriarty, S-Z, 2012)

Posted by tm7 at Nov 19, 2012 19:12

I believe the stress placed on &quot;the&quot; gives weight to the phrase as an indication of the importance of the city referenced.  The social prestige of a city gives it &quot;the right&quot; to be recognized as &quot;The City.&quot;  At Geneseo there is a large population of New York students from both upstate and downstate.  This limits the major cities that could be referred to, by Geneseo students in everyday conversation, as &quot;The City&quot; to New York City, Buffalo, Rochester, and Albany.  Culturally, New York City has the most prestige as well as the highest population density.  When combining the factors of social rank and &quot;votes,&quot; New York City wins.EOberdorf, 2012

Posted by eo7 at Nov 20, 2012 15:18

This is a tricky entry in that the phrase is so subjective. Much of its meaning has to be derived from context and the speaker's personal background. I had never heard New York City referred to as &quot;The City&quot; before I came to Geneseo, but now I mainly use &quot;The City&quot; to refer to New York. As an upsate resident I often called Buffalo &quot;The City&quot; when I was younger, but I've become so accustomed to that meaning something different that I usually call Buffalo &quot;Downtown&quot; now. It would seem that there is not a single definition for this post. There doesn't even seem to be a clear divide between the opinions of upstate and downstate residents. Suffice it to say, that &quot;The City&quot; can, indeed, refer to New York, especially when students are talking among themselves, and it can also refer to the cities nearest to one's home or school. RMyers, S-Z, 2012

Posted by ram17 at Nov 20, 2012 16:56

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37


