---
title: Uptown
layout: default
parent: U
nav_order:
---

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Uptown

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

U-Z

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Uptown

Created by  Unknown User (kmh28), last modified by  Jack Katz on May 07, 2022

(noun) Places of student social activity in Geneseo such as the Vital Spot, the Idle Hour or stores; possibly derived from campus geography or from traditional meaning &quot;nicer part of the city.&quot;Sometimes referred to as &quot;downtown&quot; (Nicodemi)Also used as titles for events (Marcantonio)&quot;RLK Uptown at the Vital!&quot;(noun) Event used as a fundraiser at either the Vital Spot or the IB, offering under/over cover charges, drink specials, et cetera. Most often used by Greek organizations to raise money for either the organization itself or for various charities, but several other organizations have used this as a fundraising tool. (Unger)Source: Geneseo Dictionary 2006. FNeveldine.

Comments:

67% of respondents have never heard this word. 1.5% have never heard this phrase. This word has had a major decline in usage when referring to main street locations. (Katz, S-Z, 2022)  

Posted by jrk17 at May 07, 2022 17:12

It is possible that at least some of the change may derive from the pandemic. With a shutdown in Spring 2020 and then a great deal of living away from Geneseo or confining oneself to bubbles in dorm rooms and suites, going to Main Street at all might have seen a decline–thus, less of a need to say &quot;uptown&quot; at all.

Posted by drake at May 16, 2022 22:36

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
