---
title: Herb
layout: default
parent: H
nav_order:
---

# Herb

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

E-H

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Herb

Created by  Unknown User (met6), last modified by  Unknown User (mrp13) on Apr 13, 2015

1) n. Marijuana2) n. A derogatory term, especially for African-Americans, Hispanics, or menSource: Dictionary of Geneseo English, Spring 1999 - Kocher- 2006Of those surveyed in 2008, 65.9% knew the word, and of those, 6.8% learned it in Geneseo.Talbot, 2008. As of 2012, 72.5% of students surveyed know this word. 0% believe it is of local origins.(Flynn, G-M, 2012)3) n. a loser, a “douchebag”, a poser. Tries to act cool, but their efforts often backfire, resulting in ridicule.“That kid is such a herb. He showed up to this party uninvited, talking about how much he works out and how many girls want to date him.”As of 2015, 67% of students polled know the word. 21% believe it is of local origins.(Powell, G-L, 2015)

Comments:

I am curious as to what percent of the student body recognized this word as the first definition versus the second. I have heard this by the first definition several times but never by the second. (B. Joyce, 2012)

Posted by baj2 at Nov 27, 2012 18:55

I've known this word for a long time, since childhood really. Whenever it was used it meant the same as loser, dork, dweeb, and other such words. I'm curious as to when the meaning changed especially into a derogatory term from African-Americans, Hispanics, and men in general.

Posted by cmf9 at Dec 04, 2012 09:56

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
