---
title: HOTEL
layout: default
parent: H
nav_order:
---

# HOTEL

Created by  Unknown User (met6), last modified by  Unknown User (crl12) on Apr 16, 2019

n. (acronym)  History Of The English Language (used primarily by students in the class)ex. &quot;How long did it take you to do the HOTEL workbook?&quot;  &quot;Forever: HOTEL work takes me all day.&quot; This word was first recorded in print on Facebook November 18th 2008. In a comment on Jayme Faye Wonderland's 'status' Meghan Talbot wrote, &quot;if your talking about h.o.t.e.l, then i completely agree....&quot; The word also sprung up independently in the mind of Kenneth Kirkman who just got tired of saying the full name, and now the word has penetrated fully the HOTEL students.Talbot, E-H, 2008 As of 2010, 0% of students surveyed know the word. This word appears to be obsolete.(Fishkin, G-M, 2010)As of 2012, 2.5% of students surveyed know this word. 100% believe it to be of local origin.(Flynn, G-M, 2012)As of 2019, 0% of students surveyed know this word. 23% believe it to be of local origin. (Luquer, 2019)

Comments:

I don't know what I did before this acronym...I am far too lazy to say all five words in the title.

Posted by era6 at Dec 02, 2008 01:46

Let me just say that, after teaching this course since the early 90s, I never thought about this very obvious acronym. I always used HEL for my own purposes, probably from the MS-DOS days when I had to create 8-character file names with only a 3-character extension. 

The fact that I've overlooked it for so long makes me truly feel as if I've been in outer space. Thanks for pointing this one out, folks!

Posted by drake at Dec 18, 2008 22:35

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
