---
title: Gems
layout: default
parent: G
nav_order:
---

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Gems

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

E-H

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Gems

Created by  Unknown User (crk4), last modified by  Unknown User (amb61) on Apr 10, 2019

noun - this is a new word as of 2006 and is a shortened version of the name of Geneseo's club field hockey team, the Geneseo Gems The ''Gems'' won their game on Saturday. Results: 36% of those surveyed knew this word in 2006 and 100% of those who recognized this word believed it to be speific to Geneseo. Conclusion: This word had limited to moderate usage but it specific to Geneseo.-C Adam48% of students surveyed knew this word, and 76% of these students had learned the word at Geneseo. I would conclude that this word has originated in Geneseo, and is fairly widely known among students who are familiar with the Geneseo field hockey team.(Klein, E-H, 2008)As of 2010, 0% of students surveyed know the word. This word appears to be either obsolete or extremely limited in usage.(Fishkin, G-M, 2010)As of 2012, 2% of students surveyed know this word and 100% believe it to be of local origin. (Fischer, G-M, 2012)As of 2019, 0% of Geneseo students surveyed know this definition of the word &quot;Gems.&quot; 0% of students surveyed believe this word is of local origins. This word is obsolete. (Banaszak, G-M, 2019). 

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
