---
title: Graphics
layout: default
parent: G
nav_order:
---

# Graphics

Created by  Unknown User (crk4), last modified by  Unknown User (saf7) on Nov 19, 2012

in phrase ''to have graphics'' ''Noun'' gr flks Visual appearance in reference to a person, indicating sexual appeal by the viewer. &quot;That girl over there is hot; she has some great ''graphics''.&quot; ''The Lamron, Personals'', February 1, 2001, p. 12. Source: Dictionary of Geneseo English, Spring 2001 - Kocher Results: 8% of those surveyed knew this word in 2006, and of those who recognized the word 13% believed it to be specific to Geneseo. Conclusion: This word has limited usage and is not specific to Geneseo. -C Adam23% of students surveyed knew this word, and 0% of these students had learned the word at Geneseo. Of the small percentage of students who knew this word, no one had first heard it while in Geneseo.(Klein, E-H, 2008)As of 2010, 0% of students surveyed know the word. This word appears to be obsolete.(Fishkin, G-M, 2010)As of 2012, 3% of students surveyed know of this word, of which 50% of those believe it to be of local origin.(Fischer, G-M, 2012)

Comments:

Our surveys showed the effect that modern video game culture is saturating our language.  The most popular group of entries not warranting enough submissions to get a new entry were related to the quality of images in video games. (S. Fischer, November 20, 2012)

Posted by saf7 at Nov 20, 2012 17:23

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
