---
title: Rape Lane
layout: default
parent: R
nav_order:
---

# Rape Lane

Bibliographies and Study Guides

Dictionary of Geneseo English

View All Entries

Q-T

Bibliographies and Study Guides : Rape Lane

Created by  Unknown User (lav4), last modified by  Unknown User (cam37) on Nov 20, 2012

(n.) Poorly lit walkway behind Sturges leading to the south side of the SUNY Geneseo campus. &quot;I'll walk you home, since you are going through the Rape Lane.&quot; Submitted 2006. Dinki. Obsolete Fall 2012. Montelli, N-R, 2012.

Comments:

To my knowledge, this phrase is still in use although it may be substituted by the term &quot;rape fence&quot; because this walkway is lined by a fence. It is unclear whether or not this is the sole walkway described by Geneseo students in this way, considering that there are other areas on campus that are poorly lit and somewhat secluded, contributing to a &quot;creepy&quot; atmosphere. Also, this is probably not a Geneseo-specific term. (EReck, S-Z, 2012)

Posted by ejr7 at Nov 19, 2012 00:22

&quot;Rape lane&quot; and/or &quot;rape fence&quot; are nouns that are more recognized by the female sex. More women when talking about Geneseo's &quot;rape lane&quot; relate it to the exact location behind Sturges, some men didn't know exactly what location this referred to. (LRumfola, S-Z 2012)

Posted by lr11 at Nov 20, 2012 16:46

According to survey results, this term is now obsolete. (S Holsberg, N-R, 2019).

Posted by sjh21 at Apr 07, 2019 16:53

Document generated by Confluence on May 22, 2023 12:37

Atlassian
